Add new funcscan logos (#14)
nf-core/funcscan: README.md

## Introduction

<!-- TODO nf-core: Write a 1-2 sentence summary of what data the pipeline is for and what it does -->

> **nf-core/funcscan** is a bioinformatics best-practice analysis pipeline for screening for functional components of assembled contigs. This includes mining for antimicrobial peptides, antibiotic resistance genes and biosynthetis gene clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**nf-core/funcscan** is a bioinformatics best-practice analysis pipeline for screening for functional components of assembled contigs. This includes mining for antimicrobial peptides, antibiotic resistance genes and biosynthetic gene clusters.
```

1. Read QC ([`FastQC`](https://www.bioinformatics.babraham.ac.uk/projects/fastqc/))
2. Present QC for raw reads ([`MultiQC`](http://multiqc.info/))
3. Annotates prokaryotic input assembled contigs using ([`PROKKA`](https://github.com/tseemann/prokka))

> 4. Mines for antimicrobial peptides using a number of published tools, e.g. ...
> 5. Mines for antibiotic resistant genes using a number of pucblishe tools, e.g. ....
> 6. Mines for biosynthetic genee clusters using a number of published tools, e.g. ... 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Screens contigs for antimicrobial peptide-like sequences with: ...
5. Screens contigs for antibiotic resistant gene-like sequences with:. ...
6. Screens contigs for biosynthetic gene cluster-like sequences with: ... 
```
